feat: test output color (#208)
fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang: README.md

| `go_list_args`           | `{}`                              | Arguments to pass into `go list`. Note: [`-tags` usage](https://github.com/fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang#using-build-tags), [pass args as function](https://github.com/fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang#pass-arguments-as-function-instead-of-table).                                                                                   |
| `dap_go_opts`            | `{}`                              | Options to pass into `require("dap-go").setup()`. Note: [`-tags` usage](https://github.com/fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang#using-build-tags), [pass args as function](https://github.com/fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang#pass-arguments-as-function-instead-of-table).                                                                   |
| `testify_enabled`        | `false`                           | Enable support for [testify](https://github.com/stretchr/testify) suites. See [here](https://github.com/fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang#testify-suites) for more info.                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | `colorize_test_output`        | `false`                           | Enable output color for `SUCCESS`, `FAIL`, and `SKIP` tests. See [here](https://github.com/fredrikaverpil/neotest-golang#output-colors) for more info.                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: Please set the default value to `true` and remove the link.

```suggestion
| `colorize_test_output`   | `true`                            | Enable output color for `SUCCESS`, `FAIL`, and `SKIP` tests.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> remedied at any time by extending the treesitter queries. Feel free to dig in
> and open a PR!

> ### Output colors
> 
> If you want to enable output colors for `SUCCESS`, `FAIL`, and `SKIP` tests, you must set the `colorize_test_output` option to `true`. This will colorize the output of the tests in the output panel.
> 
> Configuration example:
> ```lua
> return {
>   {
>     "nvim-neotest/neotest",
>     config = function()
>       require("neotest").setup({
>         adapters = {
>           require("neotest-golang")({
>             -- ...
>             colorize_test_output = true,
>           }),
>         },
>       })
>     end,
>   },
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: The README is already rather big and I also feel people will understand what this feature will do without a code example. I think we can just skip this. Ok?

```suggestion
```
